README.md, before:

# [AB Loop Player](https://agrahn.gitlab.io/ABLoopPlayer/)

© 2016–2023 Alexander Grahn

A media player based on HTML5, jQuery UI and JavaScript, with **A-B repeat**, **fast/slow motion** and **bookmarking** functionality for online video (YouTube) and local video and audio files in various formats: MP4/H.264, WebM, Ogg, MP3, AAC, FLAC, WAV.

Firefox or Chrome on a Laptop or PC recommended.

**Features:**
- The A-B loop window can be adjusted with a double-handled slider, by pressing <kbd>&larr;</kbd> & <kbd>&rarr;</kbd> on the keyboard, or, more accurately, via two time input fields. Loop quantisation (self-adjustment of the loop length) for music sequences is also available. It requires manual tapping of the tempo. Suggestion by P. Jänis (@pjanis).
- The entire A-B loop window can be moved by pressing <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> while moving one of the slider handles with the mouse or the arrow keys.
- Additional means for modifying loop duration and position are provided through buttons <kbd>&laquo;</kbd>&nbsp;<kbd>&times;&frac12;</kbd>&nbsp;<kbd>&times;2</kbd>&nbsp;<kbd>&raquo;</kbd>; contributed by P. Jänis (@pjanis).
- A-B loops can be saved as bookmarks for the current and for later sessions.
- Bookmarked A-B loops can be annotated individually with short description texts.
- Share player link with the current YouTube video or playlist, loop settings and playback rate using <kbd><img src="https://agrahn.gitlab.io/ABLoopPlayer/svg/share.svg" width="16px"/></kbd>.
- Bookmarks and player settings can be exported and transferred between computers and different web browsers with buttons <kbd><img src="https://agrahn.gitlab.io/ABLoopPlayer/svg/export.svg" width="16px"/></kbd> and <kbd><img src="https://agrahn.gitlab.io/ABLoopPlayer/svg/import.svg" width="16px"/></kbd>.
- Playback rates from slow to fast motion
- Resizable video display

**Usage (recommended):** Use it online on [GitLab](https://agrahn.gitlab.io/ABLoopPlayer/) or [GitHub Pages](https://agrahn.github.io/ABLoopPlayer/): Paste in a valid YouTube URL, video or playlist ID, or browse the hard disk for video/audio files in one of the supported formats.

**Installation (optional):** [Download from GitLab](https://agrahn.gitlab.io/ABLoopPlayer.html) and unzip the archive file. Open `ABLoopPlayer.html` in the browser. Note that some YT content may not be playable if `ABLoopPlayer.html` is installed locally on a computer or on a web server outside the U.S.

Commit message:

enter tempo via context menu

README.md, after:

# [AB Loop Player](https://agrahn.gitlab.io/ABLoopPlayer/)

© 2016–2023 Alexander Grahn

A media player based on HTML5, jQuery UI and JavaScript, with **A-B repeat**, **fast/slow motion** and **bookmarking** functionality for online video (YouTube) and local video and audio files in various formats: MP4/H.264, WebM, Ogg, MP3, AAC, FLAC, WAV.

Firefox or Chrome on a Laptop or PC recommended.

**Features:**
- The A-B loop window can be adjusted with a double-handled slider, by pressing <kbd>&larr;</kbd> & <kbd>&rarr;</kbd> on the keyboard, or, more accurately, via two time input fields. Loop quantisation (self-adjustment of the loop length) for music sequences is also available. The tempo needs to be tapped or entered via context menu beforehand. Suggestion by P. Jänis (@pjanis).
- The entire A-B loop window can be moved by pressing <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> while moving one of the slider handles with the mouse or the arrow keys.
- Additional means for modifying loop duration and position are provided through buttons <kbd>&laquo;</kbd>&nbsp;<kbd>&times;&frac12;</kbd>&nbsp;<kbd>&times;2</kbd>&nbsp;<kbd>&raquo;</kbd>; contributed by P. Jänis (@pjanis).
- A-B loops can be saved as bookmarks for the current and for later sessions.
- Bookmarked A-B loops can be annotated individually with short description texts.
- Share player link with the current YouTube video or playlist, loop settings and playback rate using <kbd><img src="https://agrahn.gitlab.io/ABLoopPlayer/svg/share.svg" width="16px"/></kbd>.
- Bookmarks and player settings can be exported and transferred between computers and different web browsers with buttons <kbd><img src="https://agrahn.gitlab.io/ABLoopPlayer/svg/export.svg" width="16px"/></kbd> and <kbd><img src="https://agrahn.gitlab.io/ABLoopPlayer/svg/import.svg" width="16px"/></kbd>.
- Playback rates from slow to fast motion
- Resizable video display

**Usage (recommended):** Use it online on [GitLab](https://agrahn.gitlab.io/ABLoopPlayer/) or [GitHub Pages](https://agrahn.github.io/ABLoopPlayer/): Paste in a valid YouTube URL, video or playlist ID, or browse the hard disk for video/audio files in one of the supported formats.

**Installation (optional):** [Download from GitLab](https://agrahn.gitlab.io/ABLoopPlayer.html) and unzip the archive file. Open `ABLoopPlayer.html` in the browser. Note that some YT content may not be playable if `ABLoopPlayer.html` is installed locally on a computer or on a web server outside the U.S.
